Improve user guide for nested tests (#2474)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.7.1.adoc

==== New Features and Improvements

> * The section on Nested Tests in the user guide is now explained in more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The user guide now explains Nested Tests in more detail.
```
